Answer  - Azure Virtual Machine, Answer in green are all correct –

Azure Virtual Machines
	
A Standard_A7 virtual machine would be considered for	High Memory Entry Level	 
Which of the following is supported on Azure virtual machines	Generation 1 virtual machines	 
Which Windows Server feature(s) is / are not supported on Azure virtual machines	Multipath I/O and Network Load Balancing	 
An Azure Standard_A4 virtual machines has ____ cores	8	 
You have to create a custom virtual machine (VM). Also, you have to upload the VM to Azure. What is the first step to start	Create a VHD file	wrong
Use the following command to create a virtual machine with Resource Manager 	New-AzureRMVM	 
Which of the following is the file format for the Resource Manager template	JSON	 
You are using the Set-AzureRMVMSourceImage command with the -Version parameter. You wish to ensure that you get the most current image. Which value should you use with the -Version parameter?	Latest	 
You need to add data to Azure by using the Azure import service. What should you do?	Copy the VHD to container	Wrong
Which of the following web applications can be deployed with Azure	All	 
Microsoft supports OS that is past their End of Support date without a Custom Support Agreement (CSA).	TRUE	 
Temporary files should be stored on which drive?	D	 
Azure virtual machines disks are stored as	VHD files	 
From the virtual machine blade of the Azure portal, you can do all of the following actions to your virtual machine, except?	View Logs	 
Which components are examples of Infrastructure as a Service (IaaS) services	All	 
What is the maximum number of virtual machines a cloud service can contain	50	 
Scales sets are often integrated with which of the following selections?	All	 
Public IP addresses are used for communication with	Public Facing	 
What is the largest size for a Resource Manager template	1MB	 
A _________ role is a virtual machine instance running Microsoft IIS Web server that can accept and respond to HTTP or HTTPS requests.	Web	 
Which of the following is a valid reason to deploy a virtual machine (VM) on-premises in Hyper-V instead of in Azure?	you need to deploy a VM	wrong
Which of the following element allows you to create and manage virtual machines that serve either in a Web role and a Worker role	VM	wrong
Which of the following helps Azure maintain high availability and fault tolerance when deploying and upgrading applications?	Availability sets	 
What is the maximum number of data disks supported by the Standard_A7 virtual machine	16	 
You can associate a public IP address with all of the following except	Internal facing load balancers	 
The Virtual Machine C: drive is a SATA drive that contains	operating system files	 
Select the correct statement regarding the operating system upgrades of an Azure virtual machine?	All OS	Wrong
Which tool is used to view details, such as IP addresses, about the virtual machines in a scale set?	Azure Resource Explorer	 
