Which function can be used when a vector needs to be split into groups defined by a classifying factor, compute a function on the subsets, and return the results?
tapply

Which function is very similar to lapply?
sapply

Applying lapply function on a matrix returns
list

A hospital data contains patient's age and treatment they are undergoing. Which function can be used to find average of patients undergoing each of the treatments?
tapply

Which function is used over the margins of an array
apply

What will the following lines of code return
x <- matrix(1:18, 6, 3)
apply(x, 2, sum)
vector of 3 elements

For a given matrix mat, how do you increment every element of the matrix by 3 and return a vector. (I) sapply(mat, function(x,y) sum(x)+y,y=3) (II) sapply(mat, function(x) sum(x)+3)
I & II

The function read.csv() imports data into
data frame

Which package is used to import data from a SQL server to R?
RODBC

The function write.csv() exports data into a file. However, this function by default adds rownames to the file. Which argument can be used to turn off addition of rownames?
rownames=F

nrows and skip arguments in the read.table() command can be used to get
All the options

Which command can be used to import text files in R
read.table()

tbl is an extension of:
data frame

dplyr is useful for:
All options

Which of the following functions can be used to find the number or rows and columns in a dataset?
dim

Which of the following functions does not list the total number of observations in a dataset?
head

Which of the following functions lists all columns in a dataset with few values from each column?
glimpse

In the hflights dataset, how many flights were cancelled in the month of January 2011
209

What is the average mileage of a car in the mtcars dataset
20....

In the iris dataset, how many flowers of species setosa havePetal.Length/Petal.Width ratio of less than 10.
45

In the iris dataset, how many flowers havePetal.Length/Petal.Width ratio of less than 10
145


In the mtcars dataset, how many cars provide a mileage of less than 20 mpg?
18


dplyr never prints row names since no dplyr method is guaranteed to preserve them.
true

If x and y are two tbls, which of the following joins return all rows from x and y irrespective of matching values?
full join

If x and y are two tbls, which of the following joins return all rows from x where there are matching values in y, and all columns from x and y
inner join

If x and y are two tbls, which of the following joins return all rows from x where there are not matching values in y, keeping just columns from x?
anti-join

Join functions return results of data type
data frame

If x and y are two tbls, which of the following joins return all rows from y, and all columns from x and y?
right join

If x and y are two tbls, which of the following joins return all rows from x where there are matching values in y, keeping just columns from x?
semi join

Data table is mainly used for aggregation
False

Which of the following is multivariate version of lapply?
lapply